Recently, I attended a startup event and I ran into this young graduate who just got out of college and had an idea to
build an app to make healthcare more approachable for everybody. His idea was to create a centralized repository for all
the hospitals and ambulances available within the network, all accessible via a mobile app. This app would eventually
help patients find nearby healthcare centers at a low cost. What was so interesting was that this young graduate was
also an attendee just like me. However, while the panel speaker was still or the panel discussion was still in progress,
this young individual turned to me and gave me a pamphlet. It was like a one-fold pamphlet. I think you understand what
is meant by a pamphlet, and it actually helped me understand all of this without ever talking to him. It contained
information about what his idea was, how many patients it had already helped, etc. I found this to be a very interesting
way to help others understand what the product or his idea was, and he didn’t even have any product yet to show around.
All he had was an idea with a few successful executions behind this story or narrative.

Now, coming to what I am looking for, we have built an internal developer platform. Well, I'm just calling it an
internal developer platform, but the whole idea is that we have built a subscription-based SaaS product that can be used
right within the browser. They don't have to install any software, right? You understand what SaaS is, right? So, we
have built it. We have built it over almost two years. So, it's not just an idea. It's a production-grade application,
which is very sophisticated. But at the fundamental level, it aims to solve the Shift Left problem that exists in
modern-day software development. Developers are being tasked or held responsible for taking ownership of their services,
right from bootstrapping and all the way to being on call in production, and also taking care of provisioning whatever
infrastructure their services rely on. This shift left of operations, apparently, is not going very well, and several
surveys have proven its impact on the overall developer productivity.

Platform engineering, of late, has evolved to be a good solution to address the shift left problem. While it is still a
good idea to have the developers take ownership of their services and take care of all aspects of their services,
reducing the learning curve for developers to learn more technologies outside what they need for feature development can
make this whole setup work. The solution, apparently, is trending towards platform engineering. Platform engineering is
a space where a group of software engineers skilled in infrastructure and operations come together and build a platform
that can enable self-servicing. All the knowledge required to take care of the operations is written using proper
software with a self-service web dashboard, making it easy for developers to self-service while maintaining the benefits
of version control, auditability, customizability, etc.

The evolution of platform engineering has resulted in a new category of software called internal developer platforms.
These internal developer platforms are self-service portals within organizations where developers can log in and get
what they need. For example, bootstrapping services should be easy, and all the best practices for that are applied
automatically to each new service if the developers use this internal developer platform as a way to bootstrap their
services. Similarly, if developers need any cloud infrastructure like DynamoDB tables or memory caches in GCP, or
regardless of the cloud provider, they need any cloud resource, instead of starting to write any IaC (Infrastructure as
Code) projects, they can simply click a few buttons and get what they want. The automation that takes care of all the
best practices for provisioning those resources is already in place, made available for developers.

This self-service option addresses the shift left problem without sacrificing the benefits organizations get when
developers take ownership of their services. Developers can also add or configure Continuous Delivery pipelines for
their services, either on GitHub pipelines, GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps, etc. All of this is available on internal
developer platforms, making them a centralized place. They also help in discovering all the software block materials.
Organizations may have large numbers of services, ranging from as few as two to as many as 2,000 services. When
everything is bootstrapped and registered on the internal developer platform, it acts as a central repository for all
those services, making the discovery of information around who the owner is, which technology is used, and any other
dependencies straightforward.

Internal developer platforms not only enable actions but also help with knowledge-sharing, collaboration, service
discovery, etc. Additionally, there are post-deployment operations which include actions like adding monitoring to
services, configuring logs, or even exploring the logs. Internal developer platforms might not be the central place
where logs are stored, but they provide integrations to help developers quickly discover the source where the logs are
stored, etc. Overall, the theme for these internal developer platforms revolves around bootstrapping, local development,
configuring continuous integration, delivery pipelines, deploying, and post-deployment operations.

Features include actions like:

- Auditability: e.g., tracking what services the organization has, who owns what, etc.
- Configuration history: e.g., tracking configuration changes over time (who, what, when) and their impact on the
  infrastructure, tracked using Terraform or Pulumi diffs. Configuration changes themselves can be captured using Git
  diff as version history, providing detailed trails.

Overall, these are what make up internal developer platforms. Planton Cloud, which is the internal developer platform we
built, provides all of this in a SaaS subscription-based model for organizations.

So now, I am essentially trying to reproduce and replicate what this young individual did, which is to create a pamphlet
that defines the problem and presents the solution. The key aspect of our solution is that we have built a chatbot to
further reduce the barrier of operating or using this platform, which is a differentiator. We want to position our
product around this.

This DevOps copilot that we built is called Plantora: your copilot for DevOps. What I am looking for is a pamphlet
introducing the problem, positioning our product as your copilot for DevOps, and providing a nice visualization with the
internal developer platform at the center, solving all the aforementioned problems: bootstrapping to operations,
knowledge discovery, auditability, ownership, security compliance, etc., and highlighting the benefits of using a
conversational interface to achieve all this. I will work with my UX designer to get the pamphlet designed on Figma.
However, I want you to give me a page for all four sides of the pamphlet, so I can work with my designer to get it
created and eventually printed.

For simplicity, since this is a pamphlet and needs to have very little information to help readers quickly grasp what we
are all about, I want to apply the concept of comparison. Since this product is aimed at DevOps engineers and
developers, providing a comparison with a popular tool might help readers easily grasp the concept. I was thinking of
comparing GitHub Copilot: a developer's assistant during product development, with Plantora: your DevOps Copilot. GitHub
Copilot assists during development but is not very helpful during deployment. Plantora serves as a copilot for
developers’ operations needs, helping them deploy the code or product created with the help of GitHub Copilot.

In summary: GitHub Copilot is for development, whereas Plantora is your copilot for operations.  
I will also upload the PDF pamphlet that I received from this young graduate. Based on that, you can structure the
content. Overall, whatever you create is something I will pass on to my UX designer, who will add the necessary icons or
graphics from our website and finalize this pamphlet on Figma.

Recently, I attended a startup event and I ran into this young graduate who just got out of college and had an idea to
build an app to make healthcare more approachable for everybody. His idea was to create a centralized repository for all
the hospitals and ambulances available within the network, all accessible via a mobile app. This app would eventually
help patients find nearby healthcare centers at a low cost. What was so interesting was that this young graduate was
also an attendee just like me. However, while the panel speaker was still or the panel discussion was still in progress,
this young individual turned to me and gave me a pamphlet. It was like a one-fold pamphlet. I think you understand what
is meant by a pamphlet, and it actually helped me understand all of this without ever talking to him. It contained
information about what his idea was, how many patients it had already helped, etc. I found this to be a very interesting
way to help others understand what the product or his idea was, and he didn’t even have any product yet to show around.
All he had was an idea with a few successful executions behind this story or narrative.

Now, coming to what I am looking for, we have built an internal developer platform. Well, I'm just calling it an
internal developer platform, but the whole idea is that we have built a subscription-based SaaS product that can be used
right within the browser. They don't have to install any software, right? You understand what SaaS is, right? So, we
have built it. We have built it over almost two years. So, it's not just an idea. It's a production-grade application,
which is very sophisticated. But at the fundamental level, it aims to solve the Shift Left problem that exists in
modern-day software development. Developers are being tasked or held responsible for taking ownership of their services,
right from bootstrapping and all the way to being on call in production, and also taking care of provisioning whatever
infrastructure their services rely on. This shift left of operations, apparently, is not going very well, and several
surveys have proven its impact on the overall developer productivity.

Platform engineering, of late, has evolved to be a good solution to address the shift left problem. While it is still a
good idea to have the developers take ownership of their services and take care of all aspects of their services,
reducing the learning curve for developers to learn more technologies outside what they need for feature development can
make this whole setup work. The solution, apparently, is trending towards platform engineering. Platform engineering is
a space where a group of software engineers skilled in infrastructure and operations come together and build a platform
that can enable self-servicing. All the knowledge required to take care of the operations is written using proper
software with a self-service web dashboard, making it easy for developers to self-service while maintaining the benefits
of version control, auditability, customizability, etc.

The evolution of platform engineering has resulted in a new category of software called internal developer platforms.
These internal developer platforms are self-service portals within organizations where developers can log in and get
what they need. For example, bootstrapping services should be easy, and all the best practices for that are applied
automatically to each new service if the developers use this internal developer platform as a way to bootstrap their
services. Similarly, if developers need any cloud infrastructure like DynamoDB tables or memory caches in GCP, or
regardless of the cloud provider, they need any cloud resource, instead of starting to write any IaC (Infrastructure as
Code) projects, they can simply click a few buttons and get what they want. The automation that takes care of all the
best practices for provisioning those resources is already in place, made available for developers.

This self-service option addresses the shift left problem without sacrificing the benefits organizations get when
developers take ownership of their services. Developers can also add or configure Continuous Delivery pipelines for
their services, either on GitHub pipelines, GitHub Actions, Azure DevOps, etc. All of this is available on internal
developer platforms, making them a centralized place. They also help in discovering all the software block materials.
Organizations may have large numbers of services, ranging from as few as two to as many as 2,000 services. When
everything is bootstrapped and registered on the internal developer platform, it acts as a central repository for all
those services, making the discovery of information around who the owner is, which technology is used, and any other
dependencies straightforward.

Internal developer platforms not only enable actions but also help with knowledge-sharing, collaboration, service
discovery, etc. Additionally, there are post-deployment operations which include actions like adding monitoring to
services, configuring logs, or even exploring the logs. Internal developer platforms might not be the central place
where logs are stored, but they provide integrations to help developers quickly discover the source where the logs are
stored, etc. Overall, the theme for these internal developer platforms revolves around bootstrapping, local development,
configuring continuous integration, delivery pipelines, deploying, and post-deployment operations.

Features include actions like:

- Auditability: e.g., tracking what services the organization has, who owns what, etc.
- Configuration history: e.g., tracking configuration changes over time (who, what, when) and their impact on the
  infrastructure, tracked using Terraform or Pulumi diffs. Configuration changes themselves can be captured using Git
  diff as version history, providing detailed trails.

Overall, these are what make up internal developer platforms. Planton Cloud, which is the internal developer platform we
built, provides all of this in a SaaS subscription-based model for organizations.

So now, I am essentially trying to reproduce and replicate what this young individual did, which is to create a pamphlet
that defines the problem and presents the solution. The key aspect of our solution is that we have built a chatbot to
further reduce the barrier of operating or using this platform, which is a differentiator. We want to position our
product around this.

This DevOps copilot that we built is called Plantora: your copilot for DevOps. What I am looking for is a pamphlet
introducing the problem, positioning our product as your copilot for DevOps, and providing a nice visualization with the
internal developer platform at the center, solving all the aforementioned problems: bootstrapping to operations,
knowledge discovery, auditability, ownership, security compliance, etc., and highlighting the benefits of using a
conversational interface to achieve all this. I will work with my UX designer to get the pamphlet designed on Figma.
However, I want you to give me a page for all four sides of the pamphlet, so I can work with my designer to get it
created and eventually printed.

For simplicity, since this is a pamphlet and needs to have very little information to help readers quickly grasp what we
are all about, I want to apply the concept of comparison. Since this product is aimed at DevOps engineers and
developers, providing a comparison with a popular tool might help readers easily grasp the concept. I was thinking of
comparing GitHub Copilot: a developer's assistant during product development, with Plantora: your DevOps Copilot. GitHub
Copilot assists during development but is not very helpful during deployment. Plantora serves as a copilot for
developers’ operations needs, helping them deploy the code or product created with the help of GitHub Copilot.

In summary: GitHub Copilot is for development, whereas Plantora is your copilot for operations.  
I will also upload the PDF pamphlet that I received from this young graduate. Based on that, you can structure the
content. Overall, whatever you create is something I will pass on to my UX designer, who will add the necessary icons or
graphics from our website and finalize this pamphlet on Figma.

----

Page 1:

I worked with you in the past and finalized page-1 for the pamphlet. I am sharing both the prompt used for getting the
content for page-1 along with the above context and also the finalized page 1.

** Page 1 Prompt: **

```markdown

I have attached a PDF version of the reference pamphlet provided by the youngster along with the photos that I took of
the pamphlet so what I want you to do is just focus on the first page of the pamphlet which kind of introduces the
problem and our solution be very brief I would like to prefer bullet points rather than long sentences and these
sentences should be totally relatable for the developers or devops engineers what we intend to put on the first page is
going to be "hi I'm Plantora your co-pilot for devops" and we want to focus on providing screenshots for the chat
conversations with the real chat conversations that happened in our app to deploy DynamoDB table or a Postgres database
on Kubernetes or a DNS zone in GCP so we have chat conversations for all those and where we can take screenshots from
the app and put it on the pamphlet so we want to basically avoid using language that is like hard to relate to so keep
the language very simple and let's focus on just the first page so you're going to give me the title and any
visualization tips for my UX designer and in the content.

Additional Instructions for Page 1:

* Use much shorter sentences but keep the essence.
* You can use real world examples like deploying dynamodb traditional way vs plantora co-pilot way etc. This is just a
  hint for you and not a strong suggestion that you need to stick to.

```

** Page 1 Final Content:**

```markdown
Page 1 Headline

	“Hi, I’m Plantora—your DevOps copilot.”

Visual Tip

* Place a screenshot of a quick chat example, like:
* User: “Create a DynamoDB table named orders.”
* Plantora: “DynamoDB ‘orders’ table created successfully!”

Short Bullets

* No more manual scripts. Just chat to provision AWS, GCP, or Kubernetes.
* Instant results. Deploy a Postgres DB or DNS zone with a simple request.
* Stay in control. Every change is logged and easy to track.
* Built by devs, for devs. Save time, reduce errors, and ship faster.

Closing Note

	“Think GitHub Copilot for code—now meet Plantora for deployments.”
```

----

ASK:

Page 2 & 3:

Based on the prompt input for page one and also the final content, you can let's use the middle two pages to provide a
broader introduction to the product which is PlantonCloud (an internal developer platform). In this page, I want to
focus on keeping PlantonCloud at the center and helping the developers for: - Bootstrapping services - Configuring CI/CD
pipelines on GitHub and GitLab - Deploying cloud infrastructure - Deploying services - Deploying open-source on
Kubernetes Post-deployment operations, service discovery. All of that with the help of the DevOps Copilot, Plant. Even
in this page, we want to keep the text content to minimal and provide more visual help. I can ask my UX designer to
create some sort of visualization with PlantonCloud at the center and surrounded by these. You can provide a detailed
visual help that he can use to create or wrap a presentation on the Figma design. Another option is to simply break down
more real-world use cases rather than a broader product introduction. I think the more we use the pamphlet for to grab
the curious to your attention, I think the better it might be. So I would like to hear what you think as well?
